Use the provided json definition and provide a description of the configuration. The provided json definition is a list of individual configurations. Mention briefly what each configuration does. Do not go into detail about each individual query, but list in a table which dataset field the query references and which schema_id fields it populates.
Source.dataset - name of the dataset that contains the data and is being queried
Source.queries -  this is a list of individual mongoDB queries. The queries are started from top to bottom. Schema_ids are referenced in the query by its name being enclosed in curly brackets, for example schema_id sender_name is referenced in the query as {{sender_name}}. Always list all dataset keys that are referenced.
Result_actions - this key defines what type of message and what is the selected value of the query result whenever the query returns 0, exactly 1 or more than one record. Select key means which value is selected, either the default value (in the config represented by select: default), or the first value (in the config represented by select: best_match) in the query result set.
Focus only on the keys settings which hold the main configuration and list queues the configuration is assigned to in the queues key.
Make sure to list all dataset keys and schema_ids referenced in the queries and all target schema IDs exactly as they are written in the json configuration
Include in the table also a description of result_actions for each configuration
The output will contain the following table columns
Configuration - name of the configuration
Source dataset - lists the main source.dataset and all datasets referenced in $unionWith and $lookup stages
Dataset fields - referenced dataset fields in the configuration queries (ignore mentions in $project phase)
Target schema IDs - schema_ids referenced in mapping and addition_mappings sections
Select actions - actions described in result_actions

Generate markdown output with the folowing sections:
Name of the extension (extension id) (h3 markdown)
Summary: Executive a brief max 2 sentence description of the actual matching logic including fields which are used for the check
Logic: the table returned above
Active Queues: Queues where the matching is active
Related Extensions: hooks that are listed in ‘run_after’ attribute. Look at the IDs of the related extensions section to know which is which and list their name as well as ID.

JSON:
{attributes}


Related extensions:
{run_after}
